Entry
You entered the building through revolving glass door. You're in the lobby. 
On the right there is receptionist, he don't pay attention to you. 
You can go South passing the security gates to enter a long corridor.

Lobby didn't change much since your last visit. Maybe the receptionist is looking more bored than before.
You sigh, you know you can't left the building without finishing the mission.
Only way is South deeper into the building.

Toilets_1

Corridor_1
You passed the security gates, walked a few steps looking at company motivational posters. You stopped at pair of doors.
If you go North you'll go back to the entrance.
You look to the West and see doors with a pictogram of a person. Looks like enterance to lavatory.
On the oposite East wall there is yet another door made of glass. You can see tables and chairs and some people eating.
You can continue moving South along the corridor.

You returned to the crossroads decorated with motivational posters.
If you turn back South you'll return deeper into the building.
To the East there's a dining room.
Opposite, on the West wall you see lavatory door.
Keep going North if you want to left the building.

Dining_1

Dining_2

Corridor_2
Another dozen of steps, and another set of doors. One of walls is made of glass, and you can see a kitchen through it.
Corridor turns West.
Before your eyes on South wall there's a set of large wooden doors with "Plains" sign on it. Perhaps a meeting room?
The glass wall to your East contain a door to the kitchen area.
To the North you see familiar corridor crossroads with lavatory and dining.

It's the good old corridor turning. On the wall there's a photo of smilling employee with some motivational motto about being part of one big family.
There's meeting room "Plains' to the South.
Glass door on the East side leading to the kitchen.
Going North you'll go back to dining - lavatory crossroads.
West is corridor leading to the elevators.

Corridor_3

Yet another turn. It's quite calming after two crossroads. 
To the south you see corridor leading to the elevators.
You can turn East to return to the corridor crossroads. Further along you see glass, kitchen doors

Plain turning. Nothing to see here besides some motivational posters.
To the south there's part of corridor leading to the elevators.
You can turn East to return to kitchen - meeting room crossroads.

Corridor_4

Straight corridor with some potted plants, you can see the Elevators at the end. Finally.
You can see elevators further to the South.
To the North there's a plain turn with motivational posters.

Corridor with some plants.
You can see elevators further to the South.
To the North there's a plain turn with motivational posters.

Meeting_1

Elevators
Set of 3 elevators, one of them is visibly larger, probably for making deliveries with office supplies.
There's a card reader next to each elevator. Looks like you can't use any without security key.
You can go back North to the long corridor leading to various places on this floor.

Still the same 3 elevators, with card readers.
To the North is a long corridor you can take to reach rest of the floor.