Entry
You entered the building through a revolving glass door. You're in the lobby. 
On the right there is a receptionist. He doesn't pay attention to you. 
You can go South, passing the security gates to enter a long corridor.

The lobby hasn't changed much since your last visit. Perhaps the receptionist seems more bored than before.
You sigh; you know you can't leave without finishing the mission.
The only way is South, deeper into the building.

Toilets_1

A small lavatory with a single cabin and sink with mirror hanging above. 
Next to the mirror is a poster reminding users how to properly wash their hands.
On the East wall, there is a corridor door.

The small lavatory shows signs of recent use. The odor in the room is unpleasant.
On the East wall, there's a door leading to the corridor.

Corridor_1
You passed the security gates, walked a few steps looking at company motivational posters. You stopped at a pair of doors.
If you go North you'll go back to the entrance.
You look to the West and see doors with a pictogram of a person. It looks like the entrance to the lavatory.
On the opposite East wall, there is yet another door made of glass. You can see tables, chairs and some people eating.
You can continue moving South along the corridor.

You returned to the crossroads decorated with motivational posters.
If you turn back to the South you'll return deeper into the building.
To the East, there is a dining room.
On the opposite side, on the West wall, you see a lavatory door.
Keep going North if you want to leave the building.

Dining_1

Main area of the dining room with a lot of tables and small water dispenser. It's crowded with people minding their own business.
To the South is a kitchen area.
To the West, you can see the corridor through a glass door.

The dining room. It seems like there is no one here, only a water dispenser and many tables.
To the South is kitchen area.
To the West are the doors leading to the corridor.

Dining_2
Kitchen area of the dining room. There's refrigerator, espresso machine and a pair of microwaves. 
It smells nice, as if someone just finished warming something delicious.
If you go North you'll reach the main part of the dining room.
To the West, past glass door, there's a corridor.

Kitchen area of the dining room. There's a plate heating up in the microwave next to the refrigerator
North is the main part of dining room.
On the West wall, there is a glass door leading to the corridor.

Corridor_2
Another dozen steps, and another set of doors. One of the walls is made of glass. You can see the kitchen through it.
The corridor turns West.
Before your eyes, on the South wall, there's a set of large wooden doors with a "Plains" sign on them. Could it be a meeting room?
The glass wall to your East contains a door to the kitchen area.
To the North, you see familiar corridor crossroads that lead to a lavatory and a dining area.

It's the good old corridor turning. On the wall there's a photo of smiling employee with some motivational motto about being part of one big family.
There's meeting room called "Plains' to the South.
A glass door on the East side that leads to the kitchen..
Going North, you'll go back to the dining-lavatory crossroads.
To the West is a corridor leading to the elevators.

Corridor_3

Yet another turn. It's quite calming after two crossroads. 
To the South, you see a corridor leading to the elevators.
You can turn East to return to the corridor crossroads. Further along, you see glass kitchen doors.

It's a plain turn. Nothing to see here, besides some motivational posters.
To the South, there is part of the corridor leading to the elevators.
You can turn East to return to the kitchen-meeting room crossroads

Corridor_4

A straight corridor with some potted plants, you can see the elevators at the end.
You can see the elevators further to the South.
To the North, there is a turn with motivational posters.

This is a corridor with some plants.
You can see elevators further to the South.
To the North, there is a turn with motivational posters.

Meeting_1

A small office with a single table and two chairs. It looks like a room designated for one-on-one meetings.
There's only one exit on the North wall.

A one-on-one meeting room, with a table and a set of chairs. They don't look comfortable.
Going North, you'll go back to the corridor.

Elevators
There is a set of three elevators, one of them is visibly larger, which is probably used for making deliveries of office supplies.
There is a card reader next to each elevator. Looks like you can't use any without a security key.
You can go back North to the long corridor leading to various places on this floor.

Still the same three elevators, with card readers.
To the North is a long corridor you can take to reach the rest of the floor.